Stack : Jenkins, Github, Nexus, npm, chef, 
TestStack : Selenium , TestNg,Junit
Application Stack : Java, Tomcat, nodejs
Build tools : Ant, npm, Maven

1. Github stores repository
2. Jenkins poll the repository
3. Any changes, jenkins will run compile , unit tests , sonar code analysis and PMD
4. After the unit tests are passed and code is of good quality, build artifact will get uploaded to nexus.

Scenario 1.  (When we have fixed environments : known server names and ip addresses

5. Code gets deployed to multiple server in a functional test environment ( with LB ) using chef 
  How ? ( what else can be used. ansible ??). If I want to pass a artifact details to another tool, how can we do that.
  How can we pass artifact details to deployment tool
  
6.Code gets tested in functional test environment using chef.
  How ? How the nexus params gets passed. And What is tested ?

7.Code gets promoted to ( or tagged ??)  to nexus in different place
  How ?

8. Code gets deployed to integration environment using chef. 

9.  Integration tests are run ( what exactly they are). What tool to use ?

10. Artifact is again tagged/promoted in Nexus

10. Code is deployed to UAT environment. I

11. UAT tests are one. WShat are these and are these manual ?

12. Artifact is again tagged/promoted in Nexus

13. Code is deployed to prod like or stage environment.

= >Scenario 2.  (When we have to create disposable funtional/integration env) 

14. How do we create/delete environment and how do pass details to jenkins ?

15.

16.


=======
What is difference in each step if application is 
1. Java
2. Node
3. Javascript


------------

These deployment jobs would edit application data bags and application environment files before uploading them to the Chef server, find all nodes in the specified environment with the deploying app’s recipes, run the Chef client on each node and send an email notification of the result of the deployment.

--------- Docker CI flow- ---------

Check out the code
Run pre-deployment tests
Compile and/or package the code
Build the container
Push the container to the registry
Deploy the container to the production server
Integrate the container
Run post-integration tests
Push the tests container to the registry  

